Clarify that STDOUT exporter format is unspecified (#3935)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-specification: specification/logs/sdk_exporters/stdout.md

Exporter](../sdk.md#logrecordexporter) which outputs the logs to
stdout/console.

> The output format of the exporter is unspecified. The exporter SHOULD be

Reviewer: Since we actually specify _some_ requirements for the format (e.g. that it is not performance optimized) I wonder if it is better to say:
```suggestion
The output format of the exporter is implementation-dependant. The exporter SHOULD be
```

documented that its output is not a standardized format across OpenTelemetry,
nor is it a performance optimized or stable format. The documentation SHOULD

> suggest the OTLP exporter for users that want a performance optimized, stable,

Reviewer 2: "performance optimized" could be subjective, consider removing it.

Author: @cijothomas as far as I understood you, this was something you wanted to add. Are you okay with removing here?

Reviewer 3: I see Reiley's concern about perf being subjective.
Since the spec says stdout must be paired with a simplelog/span processor, I deduced that it is not perf optimized.
 
To avoid misinterpretation, maybe an alternate wording could be
"stdout exporters are paired by default with SimpleLog/Span processors, which may not be suited to scale to large volume of telemetry" / or something similar.

Author: @reyang thoughts?

Author: @cijothomas your suggestion would only apply to the log and trace exporter given the metric pipeline doesn't have a concept of a simple processor, right?

Reviewer 4: Ping @reyang
